# Identify All Type Device ID

This repository contains a C++ program that demonstrates how to identify various types of device IDs, including vendor ID, model number, and serial number, from storage devices connected to a Windows system. The program utilizes Windows IOCTL commands to retrieve device information, such as drive geometry and length, and then parses the data to extract the relevant device IDs.

## How It Works

The program uses the following steps to identify device IDs:

1. **Open Device:** The program opens the target storage device using the appropriate Windows API functions.
2. **Retrieve Device Information:** It retrieves the device geometry and length information using IOCTL commands (`IOCTL_DISK_GET_DRIVE_GEOMETRY` and `IOCTL_DISK_GET_LENGTH_INFO`, respectively).
3. **Parse and Display IDs:** Using the retrieved information, the program parses and displays the vendor ID, model number, and serial number of the device.
4. **Byte Swapping:** The program includes a byte swapping function to ensure correct interpretation of multi-byte values, such as vendor IDs, which may require swapping bytes for correct representation.
5. **Bus Type Identification:** The program also includes a function to identify the bus type of the storage device, using a predefined enum (`STORAGE_BUS_TYPE`), to provide a human-readable description of the bus type.

## Usage

To use the program, simply compile it using Visual Studio 2022 or a compatible C++ compiler for Windows, and run the compiled executable. Provide the drive letter of the target storage device as a command-line argument to the program.

## Example Output

Here is an example of the output generated by the program:

PS C:\Users\winson\source\repos\Identify\x64\Debug> .\Identify.exe D

Opening device successfully.
Serial Number: 0773083830C0
Model Number: FLASH DRIVE
Vendor ID: USB3.0
Product ID: FLASH DRIVE
Product Rev: PMAP
Device Type: 0
Removable Media: Yes
Bus Type: 7 (USB)
Block Size: 512 bytes
Capacity: 14.4 GB
Max LBA: 30283008


This output demonstrates the retrieval of device information, including block size, total length (capacity), and maximum Logical Block Address (LBA).
